NIC: Updates to connect to NGINX One Console (#823)
nginx/documentation: content/nic/installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm.md

| **serviceNameOverride** | Used to prevent cloud load balancers from being replaced due to service name change during helm upgrades. | "" |
| **nginxServiceMesh.enable** | Enable integration with NGINX Service Mesh. See the NGINX Service Mesh docs for more details. Requires `controller.nginxplus`. | false |
| **nginxServiceMesh.enableEgress** | Enable NGINX Service Mesh workloads to route egress traffic through the Ingress Controller. See the NGINX Service Mesh docs for more details. Requires `nginxServiceMesh.enable`. | false |

> |**nginxAgent.enable** | Enable NGINX Agent to allow [connecting to NGINX One Console]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}) (V3) or to integrate [Security Monitoring]({{< ref "/nic/tutorials/security-monitoring.md" >}}) and App Protect WAF modules. (V2). | false |

Author: Is the V2/V3 only at the end of each value or wil I also change this to 2.v or 3.x?

https://github.com/nginx/documentation/pull/823/files#diff-16071a0e54bb6c5c0144793a37447ea3f3d73541575c006781685b6500f530c3R477-R493

|**nginxAgent.logLevel** | Log level for NGINX Agent. | "error" |
|**nginxAgent.dataplaneKeySecretName** | Name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the Data Plane key used to authenticate to NGINX One Console. Learn more [here]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}). Required when `nginxAgent.enable` is set to `true`. 3.x only. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.endpointHost** | Domain or IP address for the NGINX One Console. 3.x only. | "agent.connect.nginx.com" |
|**nginxAgent.endpointPort** | Port for the NGINX One Console endpoint. 3.x only. | 443 |

> |**nginxAgent.tlsSkipVerify** | Skip TLS verification for the NGINX One Console endpoint. 3.x only. | false |

Author: Correct, these values were missing in docs. Just used to connect to N1 so it was a good time to do it here.

> |**nginxAgent.enable** | Enable NGINX Agent to allow [connecting to NGINX One Console]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}) (3.x) or to integrate [Security Monitoring]({{< ref "/nic/tutorials/security-monitoring.md" >}}) and App Protect WAF modules. (2.x). | false |
> |**nginxAgent.logLevel** | Log level for NGINX Agent. | "error" |
> |**nginxAgent.dataplaneKeySecretName** | Name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the Data Plane key used to authenticate to NGINX One Console. Learn more [here]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}). Required when `nginxAgent.enable` is set to `true`. 3.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.endpointHost** | Domain or IP address for the NGINX One Console. 3.x only. | "agent.connect.nginx.com" |
> |**nginxAgent.endpointPort** | Port for the NGINX One Console endpoint. 3.x only. | 443 |
> |**nginxAgent.tlsSkipVerify** | Skip TLS verification for the NGINX One Console endpoint. 3.x only. | false |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceGroup** | Set a custom Instance Group name for the deployment, shown when connected to NGINX Instance Manager. `nginx-ingress.controller.fullname` will be used if not set. 2.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.host** | FQDN or IP for connecting to NGINX Ingress Controller. Required when `nginxAgent.enable` is set to `true`. 2.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.grpcPort** | Port for connecting to NGINX Ingress Controller. 2.x only. | 443 |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.sni** | Server Name Indication for Instance Manager. See the NGINX Agent [docs]({{< ref "/agent/configuration/encrypt-communication.md" >}}) for more details. 2.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.enable** | Enable TLS for Instance Manager connection. 2.x only. | true |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.skipVerify** | Skip certification verification for Instance Manager connection. 2.x only. | false |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.caSecret** | Name of `nginx.org/ca` secret used for verification of Instance Manager TLS. 2.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.secret** | Name of `kubernetes.io/tls` secret with a TLS certificate and key for using mTLS between NGINX Agent and Instance Manager. See the NGINX Instance Manager [docs]({{< ref "/nim/system-configuration/secure-traffic.md#mutual-client-certificate-authentication-setup-mtls" >}}) and the NGINX Agent [docs]({{< ref "/agent/configuration/encrypt-communication.md" >}}) for more details. 2.x only. | "" |
> |**nginxAgent.syslog.host** | Address for NGINX Agent to run syslog listener. 2.x only. | 127.0.0.1 |
> |**nginxAgent.syslog.port** | Port for NGINX Agent to run syslog listener. 2.x only. | 1514 |
> |**nginxAgent.napMonitoring.collectorBufferSize** | Buffer size for collector. Will contain log lines and parsed log lines. 2.x only. | 50000 |
> |**nginxAgent.napMonitoring.processorBufferSize** | Buffer size for processor. Will contain log lines and parsed log lines. 2.x only. | 50000 |
> |**nginxAgent.customConfigMap** | The name of a custom ConfigMap to use instead of the one provided by default. 2.x only. | "" |

Reviewer: I'm proposing more rewrites:

- To make sure we specify versions 2.x and 3.x for Agent
   - Current draft sounds like we have versions such as "NGINX One Console (3.x)", which we know is not accurate
- NAP-WAF docs stand on their own. I think we can remove the one reference we talked about in our meeting

```suggestion
|**nginxAgent.enable** | Enable NGINX Agent 3.x to allow [connecting to NGINX One Console]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}) or to integrate NGINX Agent 2.x for [Security Monitoring]({{< ref "/nic/tutorials/security-monitoring.md" >}}) . | false |
|**nginxAgent.logLevel** | Log level for NGINX Agent. | "error" |
|**nginxAgent.dataplaneKeySecretName** | Name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the Data Plane key used to authenticate to NGINX One Console. Learn more [here]({{< ref "/nginx-one/k8s/add-nic.md" >}}). Required when `nginxAgent.enable` is set to `true`. Requires NGINX Agent 3.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.endpointHost** | Domain or IP address for the NGINX One Console. Requires NGINX Agent 3.x. | "agent.connect.nginx.com" |
|**nginxAgent.endpointPort** | Port for the NGINX One Console endpoint. Requires NGINX Agent 3.x. | 443 |
|**nginxAgent.tlsSkipVerify** | Skip TLS verification for the NGINX One Console endpoint. Requires NGINX Agent 3.x. | false |
|**nginxAgent.instanceGroup** | Set a custom Instance Group name for the deployment, shown when connected to NGINX Instance Manager. `nginx-ingress.controller.fullname` will be used if not set. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.host** | FQDN or IP for connecting to NGINX Ingress Controller. Required when `nginxAgent.enable` is set to `true`. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.grpcPort** | Port for connecting to NGINX Ingress Controller. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | 443 |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.sni** | Server Name Indication for Instance Manager. See the NGINX Agent [docs]({{< ref "/agent/configuration/encrypt-communication.md" >}}) for more details. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.enable** | Enable TLS for Instance Manager connection. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | true |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.skipVerify** | Skip certification verification for Instance Manager connection. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | false |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.caSecret** | Name of `nginx.org/ca` secret used for verification of Instance Manager TLS. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.instanceManager.tls.secret** | Name of `kubernetes.io/tls` secret with a TLS certificate and key for using mTLS between NGINX Agent and Instance Manager. See the NGINX Instance Manager [docs]({{< ref "/nim/system-configuration/secure-traffic.md#mutual-client-certificate-authentication-setup-mtls" >}}) and the NGINX Agent [docs]({{< ref "/agent/configuration/encrypt-communication.md" >}}) for more details. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | "" |
|**nginxAgent.syslog.host** | Address for NGINX Agent to run syslog listener. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | 127.0.0.1 |
|**nginxAgent.syslog.port** | Port for NGINX Agent to run syslog listener. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | 1514 |
|**nginxAgent.napMonitoring.collectorBufferSize** | Buffer size for collector. Will contain log lines and parsed log lines. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | 50000 |
|**nginxAgent.napMonitoring.processorBufferSize** | Buffer size for processor. Will contain log lines and parsed log lines. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x. | 50000 |
|**nginxAgent.customConfigMap** | The name of a custom ConfigMap to use instead of the one provided by default. Requires NGINX Agent 2.x.| "" |
```
